This is a paternoster elevator. There are only a few examples in the world that work,
like this one in the Tower of Truth at the University of Sheffield.
It is open with a row of connected cabins that circulate
and spins in a constant loop
One side rises, the other slides down and you just go in and out. This is a twenty-
why this is a long chain. Paternoster can carry more passengers than
ordinary elevator, but obviously there is a greater risk of stroke, injury and injury.
This elevator has many additional security features so people do not get hurt.
But for that reason, and because they are inaccessible to those who can not walk or carry big
objects, or can not walk well,
and because there are not many companies in the world that can set up or renew them
they do not build.
And those who are left are often removed and replaced. No Sheffield
has kept theirs, and have several more standard elevators in case they are needed.
I can not stay in this elevator while going over the top. Thank you, Chris.
I would disturb the balance of the whole system and it is possible that firefighters would be extinguished
they would have to come for me and take me out. But I can leave this little GoPro camera in order
showed you how it looks like going over the top.
See you for a minute.
Here we are.
See you!
I look forward to watching this record.
Translation: Borka223